Add FirebaseAppCheckInterop umbrella header (#11860)
firebase/firebase-ios-sdk: FirebaseAppCheck/CHANGELOG.md

# 10.17.0

> - [changed] Replaced semantic imports (`@import FirebaseAppCheckInterop`) with umbrella header imports
>   (`#import <FirebaseAppCheckInterop/FirebaseAppCheckInterop.h>`) for ObjC++ compatibility (#11860).

Reviewer: nit: maybe tag as a bug fix and link to Mike's issue with this:
```suggestion
- [fixed] Replaced semantic imports (`@import FirebaseAppCheckInterop`) with umbrella header imports
  (`#import <FirebaseAppCheckInterop/FirebaseAppCheckInterop.h>`) for ObjC++ compatibility (#11916).
```
